today's info has the following themes
now with voice recordings equal to
Add a mood gateway 3ds
how is it with the 3ds card on mine
channel continues to be classic here
processes flash cards as we know it
illuminated partner channel tree admits
some topics no videos specialty
glass 100 subscribers from special camera
was there was the last video only in 480p
and let's get to the next topic
website what's up with you
now it has happened
this is the first video on this
channel in which I talk
Not everyone will sit in the future
be set to music on this channel and be
I will also have some old videos
upload and re-tune with it, too
understandable is one can to the next
point of the money lends
as you know, the cards are
to be compatible with the firmware 4.0 -10
and my 3ds is already at 6,195
I have to have a solution
besides, unfortunately, I do not have one either
We got an example review and we had to
to come up with a solution for that
I could still have a video
because you also have the updater with you
normal flashcards can play it
is as now you the one with the
blue goes away would look like this
and it's really just a whole
burn normal endres
I also find a new category
open up and the flash cards class
can
I'll go there sooner instead of 1 and
introduce two cards
I would already have a few in
sweden at city ​​01 ordered media
these are just in europe but have
a much bigger selection
the link can be found in writing
and take the classics of the flash
Cards will also be software tutorials
for all flash cards like for example
which are the pdl de patching cinemas
I think these videos upload
if they just fit and I do not
has something up to date or
do not understand any video
may want is already here
noticed that I like videos
example installation tutorial for the 4th
iphone 3gs function to scrape me off
That's because I have a partner
channel has already a video
I have uploaded and solid soccer
can of course ask in the fields
answer
but I also often to the
left channel and if you still ask
has the sds plus I have now synonymous
but I do not know how to make a video because
that has everything covered com is going to
abo specials he knows that they are at 50
subscribers have made a special and
some of you also know that they
wanted to do there with 1 but that's it
nothing has become because I hold the five
trains have finished as they already
almost 100 had because somehow
One day I have 50 subscribers or
provide a shower and so are the
next car special probably first
explore at 250 like some of you
I certainly noticed that
last video about the 3ds chain
the non-recording and the sms
works a worse camera
as recorded at a normal and
I still have that for 180 php
but at least first I have to sometimes
Upload
because it's not in 16 9 because of that
gets a guys in the office
the problem is that my normal
Camera is broken so the had
Problems with the SD cards are running
that's why i will have problems now
on
to upload many high full hd videos
old try the quality the
currently had was we already
cnet point of our list for today
some of you have certainly noticed
that my domain in the last few weeks
or months right on his there
Domain has changed it has been times
it's the flash chart point development ms
then summer was four points
and now it's flashcard points
that for the first time I have the domain
it changed the fact that the people
where the public have had the
just up
I had to say first
a replacement domain names that already
had before and that does not exactly have to
the website fits in but is more likely
not only have graphics but also around
normal flashcards and that's why
I then had the domain again
change in flash cards score
and it was already the first video in
I talk to
Normally I do not like info
videos but in this case I have
My exception was because too many
Points